"conspiracy:John Doe is suspected of engaging in a conspiracy to commit insider trading while working as a consultant for Bingo Capital. One of his alleged co-conspirators, Peter Dawson, informed YA that Doe orchestrated the scheme to share confidential information with Dawson about National Enterprise’s upcoming merger with a major competitor. This information would allow Dawson to buy National Enterprise stock, which was anticipated to increase dramatically in value following the merger announcement. Doe and Dawson had agreed to split the proceeds. Evidence of this insider trading is suspected to be present on Doe’s cell phone."

"harassment:John Doe is suspected of harassing and stalking Amanda Ruiz, his former spouse. Doe is suspected of making calls and sending text and social media messages to Ruiz threatening harm to Ruiz and Ruiz’s children. Evidence of these messages and phone calls is suspected to be retained on Doe’s phone. Additionally, Doe is suspected of monitoring Ruiz online and physically at Ruiz’s workplace. Evidence of online stalking and harassment is suspected to be present via Internet History, Bookmarks, and Cookies on Doe’s phone. Evidence of physical stalking and harassment is suspected to be present through location data, calendar entries tracking Ruiz’s movements, and photos/videos taken by the Doe of Ruiz."

"murder:John Doe is suspected of murdering Travis Dickens at his farm on November 12, 2021, following a dispute over payment of work on Doe’s grain silo. Doe is suspected of having a meeting with Dickens to discuss the payment dispute immediately preceding the disappearance of Dickens. It is suspected that calendar entries on Doe’s phone would show evidence of this meeting. It is further suspected that written communications via text, e-mail, and on social media would show evidence of the dispute between Doe and Dickens. It is further suspected that written communications would show Doe communicated with his brother and co-defendant to cover-up the murder and disappearance of Dickens. Furthermore, it is suspected that keyword searches of Defendant’s Internet History, Bookmarks, and Cookies on his phone would show Defendant’s efforts to research how to cover-up a murder. Keyword searches of data extracted from Doe’s phone would show evidence of these activities."